# VocalBunnies-Midterm
For the past two weeks, I worked on refining my code and making sure it worked successfully. For me it was a lot of troubleshooting, but I 
am decently satisfied with the outcome. My goal for this project was to create a singing character up on a stage that correlated to different button presses. Though I was going to originally have the user be able to control the different pitches of the audio clips, I am still happy with how it came out. I am very happy with how the stage came out and how the lights change color with the different button presses while playing different nursery rhymes. It was a little difficult conceptually for me at first, but when I started diving into more if statements and booleans, it came together pretty well. My initial inspiration for this project were some of the online games I played when I was little that taught you how to count and learn colors. I tried to copy that feeling by using bright, basic colors and a rabbit character that I designed in illustrator and pulled into my code. For my sounds, I tried to record my voice in a very Disney Channel/Nick Jr. kind of tone, though in the future I would likely outsource this voice acting to someone with more experience. For the nursery rhymes, I wasn't sure about the copyright/video downloading issues, so I made them in an app called musescore where you can digitally make sheet music. In the first week of working, I had been able to pull my different objects into classes, but during the second week, I got into more of my if statements and my actual functioning. In the future with more coding knowledge, I think I would improve the delay rate on the bunnies appearing on screen as well as limit the sound looping to only once during every keypress. I had used the function of delay() to help stop the audio overlap, but I would want to make the image and audio a little crisper against one another. I would also like to figure out how to get the different light colors to remain on screen when the songs are playing. Overall, I think this was a pretty successful project that I think captured my idea of a children's learning game/music maker.
